POEMs ΟΕ ΟΞΞΙΑΝος 85

poems, My design· is to· examine the evidence in a·
postscript to'the next edition of my differtation and3
history3 but if the publication· of the evidence, for
which Ι have waited these two years, be delayed any
longer, Ι conceive myself entitled to anbnex MP:
Hume’s letters to a new edition of my dissertation
next winter. ι
From the following paffages in Mr Hume’s letters,
your Lordffiip must be sensible that an unreserved
publication of the whole correspondence, not only
with Dr Blair, but with the Highland Society, be-
comes absolutely indispenfable. ‘⁶ Ithink it were·
suitable to your candour, and most satisfaCtory also
to the reader, to publiih all the answers to all the
letters you write, even though some of these answers
should make somewhat against your own opinion in
this affair. We {hall always 136 the more affured·
that no arguments are strained beyond their proper
force, and no contrary arguments suppreffed‚ where
such an entire communication is made to us. '' ‘⁶ Ι
cannot conceive any objeffion which a man even of
the gravest character could haveto your publication
of his letters, which will only attest a plain fa&
known to him.'' After these paffages, a partia} or
mutilated account of the correspondence would dis-
credit the whole, and the objeffion to Dr Blair’s
Appendix would subfist in full force, that instead of
publishing the evidence as he received it, he gave a
partial abstracl, tinged unavoidably with his own
prejudices and preconceived belief. No man is en·
titled to give his evidence, who objects to the letter

F 3 itself

